Welcome to this course module in this course you learn a lot about angular and about its features.
We use a lot of the features but there was one thing we also used a lot but we never really took a closer
look at it.
Besides from the very beginning of the course I'm talking about the AB module or about the general question.
What modules are now discours section.
Here is about modules and in general about how you may optimize your angle or project and modules play
an important role in this idea or when it comes to optimizing your regular project you will learn how
you can increase the performance of the app.
Decrease the file size and also restructure your code a better way and an easier to maintain way.
With that let's dive into the section and let's start by understanding what modules are and how we can
use multiple modules and our app